The BSc in Management and Information Technology degree programme is categorized as a Level 6 4-year Honours Degree as per the Sri Lankan Qualification Framework.Under the Management and Technology area, Business Systems Engineering and Operations and Supply Chain Management are offered. Under the Information Technology (Computing), two specialization areas, Information Technology and Information Systems are offered. The model of integrating information technology with management will continue to be delivered as the basic core. This integrative knowledge will now be supported and expanded into specialized areas. These specializations areas are Business Systems Engineering(BSE), Operations and Supply Chain Management (OSCM), Information Technology (IT), Information Systems (IS).

Why MIT
Today Department of Industrial Management is home to a diverse undergraduate student body of nearly 175, hailing from almost every District in the country. Our students thrive in a challenging academic atmosphere and enjoy the rich cultural life of the Department of Industrial Management. 

BSc MIT programme is designed to give you the skills you need to bridge the communication gap that often exists between system engineers and business managers. The distinctiveness of MIT is in the unique blend of Management and Information Technology. The undergraduates of the Department of Industrial Management work together in cross-functional, multidisciplinary teams to solve real-world case study and design problems in business engineering and systems technology while incorporating their wealth of new perspectives and experiences. Systems Engineering, Software Engineering, Database Management, Business Process Re-engineering, Strategic Management, International Trade and Export Marketing, Finance and Entrepreneurship Development are among few of the areas you will be specializing in our programme. 

Industrial Training program is one of the highlights of our program and the culmination of the first two years of the learning experience. It enables our undergraduates to integrate and apply theories, knowledge, skills and values acquired through their first and second year in areas related to their interests and learning needs. It also provides them with the opportunity for experiential learning, linking and reflecting upon the relationship between theoretical perspectives and field experience, and an opportunity to develop competence in a range of work skills. Industrial Training allows undergraduates to develop networks and career opportunities with leading organizations providing an advantageous position to gain future full-time employment. 

Currently, the passed out graduates of the Department of Industrial Management find employment even before the formal release of their final results. Their abilities in easily adapting in to both management and IT back grounds are well recognized as their core strength by the Industry. So lots of career options are available for our students. The initial average salary of BSc MIT graduates well exceeds 35,000 Sri Lankan rupees and are demanded by leading Sri Lankan business organizations. They occupy positions in a variety of areas such as Software Engineering, Business Analysis, Human Resource, Marketing, Finance and Commerce and others start off their successful career as Management Trainees.

Potential Career opportunities for MIT graduates who have done Management specialization includes Supply Chain Analyst, Business Analyst, Management Trainee, Business Consultant, Project Manager 

Potential Careers opportunities for MIT graduates who have done information technology(it) specialization includes Software Engineer, Business Analyst, QA Engineer, Project Manager, SAP consultant

Undergraduates can specialize in a selected specialization area from 3rd year onwards.

It is compulsory to all the MIT undergraduates to complete a 6 month internship in second semester of Level 3, it accounts for 6 credits.

It is compulsory for all the Level 4 (Special) undergraduates to complete the research project which accounts for 6 credits.

Each year undergraduates should complete 30 credits.